Where did the stinky dick come from?
Is this your place to speak?
Dear
He must be with this old guy too
Maybe they want to eat my tofu too
You have to call the shots for me!
You're talking nonsense.
Who taught you?
What are you making me unable to do it?
Jiang Wen, why is it you?
I've heard you're doing well.
I didn't expect you to work at Emperor
I am working hours outside the month.
You can call me Mr. Jiang
What happened? What happened?
Command I was thinking of buying a suite here
But this stinky cleaner is harassing me
You little trash still want to hit people?
Don't talk nonsense, they bully people first
Guanyue, do you know who this is?
He is Cao Yuanhu, Master Cao
The Cao family is a first-line family
Because you sell barbecue
I don't know how many times stronger
Apologize quickly
Do you not understand what I'm saying?
It was them first
You shut up
Now the head of the imperial colt
It's not your turn to teach me a lesson
You're fired.